;; -*- mode: dotspacemacs -*-
;; This file is loaded by Spacemacs at startup.
;; It must be stored in your home directory.

(defun dotspacemacs/layers ()
  "Configuration Layers declaration."
  (setq-default
   ;; Base distribution to use. This is a layer contained in the directory
   ;; `+distribution'. For now available distributions are `spacemacs-base'
   ;; or `spacemacs'. (default 'spacemacs)
   dotspacemacs-distribution 'spacemacs
   ;; List of additional paths where to look for configuration layers.
   ;; Paths must have a trailing slash (ie. `~/.mycontribs/')
   dotspacemacs-configuration-layer-path '()
   ;; List of configuration layers to load. If it is the symbol `all' instead
   ;; of a list then all discovered layers will be installed.
   dotspacemacs-configuration-layers '(clojure
                                       dash
                                       django
                                       dockerfile
                                       elm
                                       javascript
                                       markdown
                                       osx
                                       python
                                       react
                                       ruby-on-rails
                                       themes-megapack)
   ;; A list of packages to be installed without wrapping them in a config layer.
   dotspacemacs-additional-packages '(editorconfig)
   ;; A list of packages and/or extensions that will not be install and loaded.
   dotspacemacs-excluded-packages '()
   ;; If non-nil spacemacs will delete any orphan packages, i.e. packages that
   ;; are declared in a layer which is not a member of
   ;; the list `dotspacemacs-configuration-layers'
   dotspacemacs-delete-orphan-packages t))

(defun dotspacemacs/init ()
  "Initialization function.
This function is called at the very startup of Spacemacs initialization
before layers configuration."
  ;; This setq-default sexp is an exhaustive list of all the supported
  ;; spacemacs settings.
  (setq-default
   ;; Either `vim' or `emacs'. Evil is always enabled but if the variable
   ;; is `emacs' then the `holy-mode' is enabled at startup.
   dotspacemacs-editing-style 'vim
   ;; If non nil output loading progess in `*Messages*' buffer.
   dotspacemacs-verbose-loading nil
   ;; Specify the startup banner. Default value is `official', it displays
   ;; the official spacemacs logo. An integer value is the index of text
   ;; banner, `random' chooses a random text banner in `core/banners'
   ;; directory. A string value must be a path to a .PNG file.
   ;; If the value is nil then no banner is displayed.
   ;; dotspacemacs-startup-banner 'official
   dotspacemacs-startup-banner nil
   ;; t if you always want to see the changelog at startup
   ;; dotspacemacs-always-show-changelog t
   ;; List of items to show in the startup buffer. If nil it is disabled.
   ;; Possible values are: `recents' `bookmarks' `projects'."
   dotspacemacs-startup-lists '(recents projects)
   ;; List of themes, the first of the list is loaded when spacemacs starts.
   ;; Press <SPC> T n to cycle to the next theme in the list (works great
   ;; with 2 themes variants, one dark and one light)
   dotspacemacs-themes '(minimal-light
                         leuven
                         solarized-light
                         solarized-dark
                         monokai
                         zenburn)
   ;; If non nil the cursor color matches the state color.
   dotspacemacs-colorize-cursor-according-to-state t
   ;; Default font. `powerline-scale' allows to quickly tweak the mode-line
   ;; size to make separators look not too crappy.
   dotspacemacs-default-font '("SFMono-Regular"
                               :size 16
                               :weight normal
                               :width normal
                               :powerline-scale 1.3)
   ;; The leader key
   dotspacemacs-leader-key "SPC"
   ;; The leader key accessible in `emacs state' and `insert state'
   dotspacemacs-emacs-leader-key "M-m"
   ;; Major mode leader key is a shortcut key which is the equivalent of
   ;; pressing `<leader> m`. Set it to `nil` to disable it.
   dotspacemacs-major-mode-leader-key ","
   ;; Major mode leader key accessible in `emacs state' and `insert state'
   dotspacemacs-major-mode-emacs-leader-key "C-M-m"
   ;; The command key used for Evil commands (ex-commands) and
   ;; Emacs commands (M-x).
   ;; By default the command key is `:' so ex-commands are executed like in Vim
   ;; with `:' and Emacs commands are executed with `<leader> :'.
   dotspacemacs-command-key ":"
   ;; If non nil `Y' is remapped to `y$'. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-remap-Y-to-y$ t
   ;; Location where to auto-save files. Possible values are `original' to
   ;; auto-save the file in-place, `cache' to auto-save the file to another
   ;; file stored in the cache directory and `nil' to disable auto-saving.
   ;; (default 'cache)
   dotspacemacs-auto-save-file-location 'cache
   ;; If non nil then `ido' replaces `helm' for some commands. For now only
   ;; `find-files' (SPC f f), `find-spacemacs-file' (SPC f e s), and
   ;; `find-contrib-file' (SPC f e c) are replaced. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-use-ido nil
   ;; If non nil, `helm' will try to miminimize the space it uses. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-helm-resize nil
   ;; if non nil, the helm header is hidden when there is only one source.
   ;; (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-helm-no-header nil
   ;; define the position to display `helm', options are `bottom', `top',
   ;; `left', or `right'. (default 'bottom)
   dotspacemacs-helm-position 'bottom
   ;; If non nil the paste micro-state is enabled. When enabled pressing `p`
   ;; several times cycle between the kill ring content. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-enable-paste-micro-state nil
   ;; Which-key delay in seconds. The which-key buffer is the popup listing
   ;; the commands bound to the current keystroke sequence. (default 0.4)
   dotspacemacs-which-key-delay 0.4
   ;; Which-key frame position. Possible values are `right', `bottom' and
   ;; `right-then-bottom'. right-then-bottom tries to display the frame to the
   ;; right; if there is insufficient space it displays it at the bottom.
   ;; (default 'bottom)
   dotspacemacs-which-key-position 'bottom
   ;; If non nil a progress bar is displayed when spacemacs is loading. This
   ;; may increase the boot time on some systems and emacs builds, set it to
   ;; nil to boost the loading time. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-loading-progress-bar t
   ;; If non nil the frame is fullscreen when Emacs starts up. (default nil)
   ;; (Emacs 24.4+ only)
   dotspacemacs-fullscreen-at-startup nil
   ;; If non nil `spacemacs/toggle-fullscreen' will not use native fullscreen.
   ;; Use to disable fullscreen animations in OSX. (default nil)
   dotspacemacs-fullscreen-use-non-native nil
   ;; If non nil the frame is maximized when Emacs starts up.
   ;; Takes effect only if `dotspacemacs-fullscreen-at-startup' is nil.
   ;; (default nil) (Emacs 24.4+ only)
   dotspacemacs-maximized-at-startup nil
   ;; A value from the range (0..100), in increasing opacity, which describes
   ;; the transparency level of a frame when it's active or selected.
   ;; Transparency can be toggled through `toggle-transparency'. (default 90)
   dotspacemacs-active-transparency 90
   ;; A value from the range (0..100), in increasing opacity, which describes
   ;; the transparency level of a frame when it's inactive or deselected.
   ;; Transparency can be toggled through `toggle-transparency'. (default 90)
   dotspacemacs-inactive-transparency 90
   ;; If non nil unicode symbols are displayed in the mode line. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-mode-line-unicode-symbols t
   ;; If non nil smooth scrolling (native-scrolling) is enabled. Smooth
   ;; scrolling overrides the default behavior of Emacs which recenters the
   ;; point when it reaches the top or bottom of the screen. (default t)
   dotspacemacs-smooth-scrolling t
   ;; If non-nil smartparens-strict-mode will be enabled in programming modes.
   dotspacemacs-smartparens-strict-mode nil
   ;; If non nil advises quit functions to keep server open when quitting.
   dotspacemacs-persistent-server nil
   ;; List of search tool executable names. Spacemacs uses the first installed
   ;; tool of the list. Supported tools are `ag', `pt', `ack' and `grep'.
   dotspacemacs-search-tools '("ag" "pt" "ack" "grep")
   ;; The default package repository used if no explicit repository has been
   ;; specified with an installed package.
   ;; Not used for now.
   dotspacemacs-default-package-repository nil
   )
  ;; User initialization goes here
)

(defun dotspacemacs/user-config ()
  "Configuration function.
This function is called at the very end of Spacemacs initialization after
layers configuration."
  (setq-default evil-escape-key-sequence "jk")
  (setq dotspacemacs-mode-line-unicode-symbols nil)
  (setq powerline-default-separator 'nil))

;; Do not write anything past this comment. This is where Emacs will
;; auto-generate custom variable definitions.
(custom-set-variables
 ;; custom-set-variables was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 '(ahs-case-fold-search nil t)
 '(ahs-default-range (quote ahs-range-whole-buffer) t)
 '(ahs-idle-interval 0.25 t)
 '(ahs-idle-timer 0 t)
 '(ahs-inhibit-face-list nil t)
 '(custom-safe-themes
   (quote
    ("c0dd384b870de1c769d37fec8f9ff22f191b1eba7a49b1181d361e7a3c4713f0" "4dd1b115bc46c0f998e4526a3b546985ebd35685de09bc4c84297971c822750e" default)))
 '(package-selected-packages
   (quote
    (monochrome-bright-theme window-numbering web-mode tern spacemacs-theme projectile-rails rake persp-mode organic-green-theme omtose-phellack-theme naquadah-theme monokai-theme moe-theme majapahit-theme leuven-theme less-css-mode hl-todo helm-projectile helm-make helm-descbinds helm-ag feature-mode exec-path-from-shell evil-matchit evil-exchange editorconfig color-theme-sanityinc-tomorrow coffee-mode bundler ace-link avy cider anzu smartparens helm helm-core f dash quelpa package-build use-package which-key evil zonokai-theme zenburn-theme zen-and-art-theme ws-butler web-beautify volatile-highlights vi-tilde-fringe undo-tree underwater-theme ujelly-theme twilight-theme twilight-bright-theme twilight-anti-bright-theme tronesque-theme toxi-theme tao-theme tangotango-theme tango-plus-theme tango-2-theme tagedit sunny-day-theme sublime-themes subatomic256-theme subatomic-theme stekene-theme spaceline spacegray-theme soothe-theme solarized-theme soft-stone-theme soft-morning-theme soft-charcoal-theme smyx-theme smooth-scrolling slim-mode seti-theme scss-mode sass-mode rvm ruby-tools ruby-test-mode rubocop rspec-mode robe reverse-theme reveal-in-osx-finder restart-emacs rbenv rainbow-delimiters railscasts-theme queue pyvenv pytest pyenv-mode py-yapf purple-haze-theme projectile professional-theme popwin popup pony-mode planet-theme pip-requirements phoenix-dark-pink-theme phoenix-dark-mono-theme pbcopy pastels-on-dark-theme paradox page-break-lines osx-trash open-junk-file oldlace-theme occidental-theme obsidian-theme noctilux-theme niflheim-theme neotree mustang-theme move-text monochrome-theme molokai-theme mmm-mode minimal-theme material-theme markdown-toc lush-theme lorem-ipsum linum-relative light-soap-theme launchctl json-mode js2-refactor js-doc jbeans-theme jazz-theme jade-mode ir-black-theme inkpot-theme info+ indent-guide ido-vertical-mode hy-mode hungry-delete highlight-parentheses highlight-numbers highlight-indentation heroku-theme hemisu-theme help-fns+ helm-themes helm-swoop helm-pydoc helm-mode-manager helm-flx helm-dash helm-css-scss hc-zenburn-theme gruvbox-theme gruber-darker-theme grandshell-theme goto-chg gotham-theme google-translate golden-ratio gh-md gandalf-theme flx-ido flatui-theme flatland-theme firebelly-theme fill-column-indicator farmhouse-theme fancy-battery expand-region evil-visualstar evil-tutor evil-surround evil-search-highlight-persist evil-numbers evil-nerd-commenter evil-mc evil-lisp-state evil-indent-plus evil-iedit-state evil-escape evil-args evil-anzu espresso-theme emmet-mode elm-mode dracula-theme dockerfile-mode django-theme diminish define-word dash-at-point darktooth-theme darkmine-theme darkburn-theme dakrone-theme cython-mode cyberpunk-theme colorsarenice-theme color-theme-sanityinc-solarized clues-theme clj-refactor clean-aindent-mode cider-eval-sexp-fu chruby cherry-blossom-theme busybee-theme buffer-move bubbleberry-theme bracketed-paste birds-of-paradise-plus-theme bind-key badwolf-theme auto-highlight-symbol async apropospriate-theme anti-zenburn-theme anaconda-mode ample-zen-theme ample-theme alect-themes aggressive-indent afternoon-theme adaptive-wrap ace-window ace-jump-helm-line)))
 '(ring-bell-function (quote ignore)))
(custom-set-faces
 ;; custom-set-faces was added by Custom.
 ;; If you edit it by hand, you could mess it up, so be careful.
 ;; Your init file should contain only one such instance.
 ;; If there is more than one, they won't work right.
 )

